hey guys rover vogue here here with some
halo product reviews this week we were
going to be reviewing the halo micro ops
bananarama pajama party know where we're
going to be reviewing the ghost with
wolf spider better bing bada boom and
the box fell so here it is it's pretty
awesome we get a little figure of a meal
with his shotgun Donny I'm candy but
nominee fell yeah I can't focus because
I'm toshin off but yes oh there's a meal
he has a shotgun he's a helix menacing
of course actually did pretty nice
detailing on it it'll look it's a hair
he has a growth now so um yeah yeah it's
pretty cool got the armor pretty nice i
like the little guy he's cool then we
have the ghost ghost is very nice love
the detailing on it the front cannons
move down and straights but not up
because they can't shoot up apparently
and the seat moves back and forward and
backwards so that the elite considered
and the elite inside he is a an elite
spec ops buddies miss painted sadly he's
supposed to be red but he's white let's
yeah no real problem I guess goose but
personally I would have liked to see it
in a proper color and then lastly we
have the wolf spider turret it's pretty
nice it has a moving Callan it goes up
and down and all that jazz anna you can
actually collapse it in word but not
really because you have to take this
little bit out then you slap this guy in
sorry this may take a second it's so
tiny it's hard to put in oh my gosh no
don't do it so here we go set it in
close it up and voila you got a collapse
a wolf spider at it it's pretty nice i
like to set a lot it's a small product
so it gets a small review so here it is
wool sweater it is pretty cheap 799 i
believe at Target and most retails and
generally purchases a target i purchased
most of my things at target because the
target has stands have the halo stuff
more than any other retailer out there
so um yeah there's the box on the back
nothing says um so that's all I got for
my crops right now I will be a 10
to get the Banshee or the ODST drop pod
for not next week but the following week
next week I have a big one to review
it's a big one it has cool things and
you're all gonna love it I hope you're
all gonna love it because I love it and
if I love it you guys love it because
feels so thank you guys for watching
this has been robbed about Cara with a
halo product of you and I hope you guys
enjoy this um please subscribe for more
halo 4 News more product reviews and
gameplay starting with okay what do you
guys rather me start with a halo reach
or halo anniversary because he'll reach
doesn't really cover Master Chief's
story and I don't really feel it's as
significant to the halo 4 storyline as
the others so please I'm really really
please respond about that because I need
to know before I start going off on this
thing I want to know what you guys want
to see because i love you guys all right
now please leave a like on favorite if
you found this review informative are
helpful and that was an accent thank you
all for watching adios señores